IA Lombard the first rates on this one
as it makes its debut on the bosses and
that's where it's currently at 651 so
that's lower than what the issue price
was or rather the pre-open price was
actually indicating and uh it's uh
traded at a discount but again you know
this is just the First Rate let's see
how it actually picks up and where it
actually goes from here uh in trade
right now that's icsl Lombard in trade
for you as we list India's first general
insurance company on the Indian Stock
Exchange uh so ICI is truly a financial
conglomerate uh not just with one of the
large private sector banks in the group
but with the largest life insurance
company the largest uh General Insurance
company in the private sector the
largest mutual fund in the country and a
large PE fund and a large online
brokerage firm last year we were the
first ones to list the first life
insurance company on the Indian stock
exchanges and today we bring to the
Indian stock exchanges the first
non-life insurance company in India uh I
think you know this company commenced
its Journey more than 15 years ago uh
over the years it has built a very
strong product Suite A very strong
distribution Network a very sustainable
uh and uh you know very prudent business
model and not just that the company has
carried on on the group ethos of
innovation of use of Technology of
agility and so on and the company works
with great Synergy with the icci bank